add ChrRaces.md (#382)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/chrraces.md

| 15 | 16384    | Skeleton                |
| 16 | 32768    | Vrykul                  |
| 17 | 65536    | Tuskarr                 |
| 18 | 131072   | Forest Troll            |
| 19 | 262144   | Taunka                  |
| 20 | 524288   | Northrend Skeleton      |
| 21 | 1048576  | Ice Troll               |
| 22 | 2097152  | Worgen (4.x)            |
| 24 | 8388608  | Pandaren Neutral (5.x)  |
| 25 | 16777216 | Pandaren Alliance (5.x) |
| 26 | 33554432 | Pandaren Horde (5.x)    |

### How do I get the values?

Through the powers of 2. It can be better understood in the following table:

| N  | N - 1 | 2 exp (N - 1) | Races        |
|----|-------|---------------|--------------|
| 1  | 0     | 1             | Human        |
| 2  | 1     | 2             | Orc          |
| 3  | 2     | 4             | Dwarf        |
| 4  | 3     | 8             | Night Elf    |
| 5  | 4     | 16            | Undead       |
| 6  | 5     | 32            | Tauren       |
| 7  | 6     | 64            | Gnome        |
| 8  | 7     | 128           | Troll        |
| 9  | 8     | 256           | Goblin (4.x) |
| 10 | 9     | 512           | Blood Elf    |
| 11 | 10    | 1024          | Draenei      |

> ![raceMask](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2810187/104961176-909b1500-59b4-11eb-8a55-2db891410ba7.png)

Reviewer: I don't know if this is necessary, it is basic bit work and it is explained in another page https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/Bit-and_bytes-tutorial

Author: > I don't know if this is necessary, it is basic bit work and it is explained in another page https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/Bit-and_bytes-tutorial

I did not know about the existence of this file.
We could then create a link within the document.

Author: It has the b in capital letters xD.

Reviewer: I know, sucks.

But I still think it is not necessary. Perhaps add something along the lines to "To use multiple races you add the bit values together` but nothing more. I don't think it is necessary to explain it :)

Author: I already added the link to the document you mentioned

### How do I get the values?

> For more information, on how to obtain the values, you can consult the following link: [bit-and_bytes-tutorial](Bit-and_bytes-tutorial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn how bits work you can read the tutorial here [bit-and_bytes-tutorial](Bit-and_bytes-tutorial)
```
